The Partnership & the Process

Partnership
Making a commitment to work with a coach is an important investment in yourself.  Through this partnership, we will work together and identify your needs, challenges and goals. The client and coach work collaboratively to achieve the desired outcomes you want for yourself.  The client creates the agenda for each meeting, which typically occurs once a week.  


Process
As we move through our sessions we will strategize and reflect on sought after goals.  I will use powerful questioning to help you dig deeper and to create opportunities for you to challenge yourself.  With the use of direct and effective communication we will establish a dialogue and a discussion which will lead you to greater empowerment.


What to Expect

Here’s What you can Expect From me:

Someone who will listen without judgement
Someone who will challenge you to stretch beyond what you would ask of yourself
Help to see potentially limiting beliefs which might be keeping you from moving forward
To provide encouragement & support
A commitment to help you achieve what you want in your personal, professional and or academic life



Benefits of Working With a Coach

Gain greater control over your life
Discover and celebrate your strengths
Increase your level of confidence & have a greater understanding and appreciation of self
Mature & grow with a better understanding of your ADD/ADHD
Develop systems for consistent follow-through
Set & achieve realistic goals
Handle details of daily life

About Kathleen Bruns


Kathleen is a mother of three teenage/young adult children who have all been impacted by ADD to varying degrees.  She has invested much time over the years educating herself on ADD by conferring with other professionals, attending lectures on ADD and reading books on the subject.  Her most recent education on ADD/ADHD came in the form of formal coach training.  This was completed through an accredited ADD coaching school ADDCA - ADD Coach Academy.   ADDCA is a coaching school recognized by the governing body ICF - International Coach Federation of which she is a member. 


Kathleen’s undergraduate studies were completed at Towson State University where she received a BS in General Education.  She has been an executive function tutor for the past 3 years working with middle and high school students.  In this role she assists students with study skills, note taking and organization.  She has also worked in the public school system working with elementary age children.

